Vineet Ramareddi 
	ID : 1535346


I am submitting the following files:

	README
	aes.c
	aes.h
	ll.h
	ll.c
	Makefile
	banhammer.c
	hash.h
	hash.c
	bf.h
	words.l

For this assignment, I implemented a firewall which catches oldspeak words and provides the translation to newspeak.
For the badspeak words, there are no translations, and therefore these words constitute a thoughtcrime and the
corresponding message is printed. I used flex in order to read from standard input. I incorporated this into my
Makefile after taking a look at Boris's tutorial. For this assignment, I have implemented everything except Esperanto
due to my lack of time. Also, the statistic for the average does not correspond with the professors program, and this
is because I did not call findLL in my insertHT function. I did this intentionally, because otherwise it would not 
take the latest translation for a word that has two translations in newspeak. For this reason, my average statistic is
off. However, apart from this, the rest of my program is fully functionaly, to my knowledge. I have checked my output
with the professors, and used diff to ensure that the output are exact. My program also supports file redirection, 
so ./banhammer < "File Name" will work as specified.  

My program compiles perfectly using 'make'. As always, make clean will remove any executables created by make. Furthermore
typing 'make aes' or 'make all' or 'make ll' will work as well. 

I received help from numerous tutors. I attended Arjun's office hours on Friday May 19th, as well as Yash's, and Boris'. Furthermore,
I went to multiple labs to receive additional help. One thing I would like to mention is what Arjun inspired. At his office hours
on Friday, Arjun gave us pseudo code for storing the values of oldspeak and newspeak, after figuring out what to print and what
not to print. I implemented this pseudo code within my program to store the values of badspeak, and the oldspeak and newspeak pairs 
in two separate linked lists. I then printed each linked list for the output, and formatted it as needed. 
